Java:
   Java is a general-purpose, class-based, object-oriented programming language designed for having lesser implementation dependencies. 
   It is a computing platform for application development. Java is fast, secure, and reliable, therefore. 
   It is widely used for developing Java applications in laptops, data centers, game consoles, scientific supercomputers, cell phones, etc.

Why Java?
    Object Oriented: 
        In Java, Everything is an Object. 
        Java can be easily extended since it is based on the Object model.
    Platform Independent
        Unlike many other programming languages including C and C++, when Java is compiled, it is not compiled into platform specific machine, rather into platform-independent byte code. 
        This byte code is distributed over the web and interpreted by the Virtual Machine (JVM) on whichever platform it is being run on.
    Simple
        Java is designed to be easy to learn. If you understand the basic concept of OOP Java, it would be easy to master.
    Secure
        With Java's secure feature it enables to develop virus-free, tamper-free systems.
        Authentication techniques are based on public-key encryption.
    Architecture-neutral
        Java compiler generates an architecture-neutral object file format, which makes the compiled code executable on many processors, with the presence of Java runtime system.
    Portable
        Being architecture-neutral and having no implementation dependent aspects of the specification makes Java portable.
        The compiler in Java is written in ANSI C with a clean portability boundary, which is a POSIX subset.
    Robust
        Java makes an effort to eliminate error-prone situations by emphasizing mainly on compile time error checking and runtime checking.
    Multithreaded
        With Java's multithreaded feature it is possible to write programs that can perform many tasks simultaneously.
        This design feature allows the developers to construct interactive applications that can run smoothly.
    Interpreted
        Java byte code is translated on the fly to native machine instructions and is not stored anywhere.
        The development process is more rapid and analytical since the linking is an incremental and light-weight process.
    High Performance
        With the use of Just-In-Time compilers, Java enables high performance.
    Distributed
        Java is designed for the distributed environment of the internet.
    Dynamic
        Java is considered to be more dynamic than C or C++ since it is designed to adapt to an evolving environment.
        Java programs can carry an extensive amount of run-time information that can be used to verify and resolve accesses to objects at run-time.

Note:   
    15 Billion devices run java.
    12 million developers run Java worldwide.
    It promised to be WORA (Write Once Run Anywhere)

Differences between JDK, JRE and JVM
    https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/differences-jdk-jre-jvm/

Just In Time Compiler
    https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/just-in-time-compiler/
